Presentation format:  

* 	Dave:
	Welcome intro: Project name, Authors, DJM_dApps homepage and lay explanation. 

* 	Joe:
	Joe to present "Proposals". Joe to Register the Airport for his example. 
	Joe to intro Miguel's video explaining how community proposals are voted on. 
	
*	Miguel:
	Dave to Play Miguel's 5min Video. 
	Dave to roll off of Miguel's voting example of Citizen 3 voting for the Airport from there on...

* 	Dave:
	Dave to present "Tenders" 
	Dave to Register the Airport for Tender (may do this while Miguel's video plays if we are tight for time). 
	Dave to demo TenderMarket bid process and achieve the 3 lowest priced Tenders. 
	Dave may explain further with a brief view of the TenderMarket & TenderAuction code in Remix (if time). 
	Dave will explain how Miguel's voting system will then be used to select the winning Tender 
		just the same as it was before to select the winning idea. 
	Dave to throw back to Joe to present and explain how the Contract for the winning Tender is encrypted and 
		written to the blockchain. 

* 	Joe: 
	Joe to present "Contracts" 
	Joe to demo the Encrypt/Decrypt functionality for the Airport contract
	Joe to close the presentation


Prep for Presentation:

	Joe:
*	To Register 3 proposals onto his Proposals page so we can see the images. 
		Please register the bustop, pool and the themepark. 
		Please save registering the Airport for the presentation example.
*	To bring the format of his pages in line with the "Architect" theme - or similar enough to Miguel's. 


	Dave:
* 	DJM_dApps link currently to TenderMarket repo but working code is in my_martian_market repo
		1. Git Pull both TM and MMM
		2. Put code from MMM into TM and 
		3. Check all files for compatibility using Remix (sol files) and VS (md, js, html files)
		4. Git add ., commit , Push new code to TM repo
		5. Check TenderMarket GitHub_Pages works
		6. Format TenderMarket pages using Architect theme
		7. 
*	To bring the format of his pages in line with the "Architect" theme - or similar enough to Miguel's. 
*	Finish the presentation off with formatting inline with DJM_dApps site